you down there I'm Simon Bingham this is
no comply skate shop in Austin Texas and
I am gonna tell you how to get sponsored
basically most companies will take
footage and they'll pass it on to their
team manager and team managers spend a
good amount of time watching videos so
that's one way they'll choose it but
then after they decide on a rider that
they like they'll usually pass it around
to the team and see if anybody knows who
you are and kind of make sure that
everybody wants you on the team too so
it's not just the main guy or the own or
anything that you're sending the video
to when you send a video to a company or
sending it to everybody and so who you
are and your attitude and stuff has a
lot more to do with it these days then
the actual skill because nowadays
everyone's so good that I mean you
really got to be a cool person because
you're representing a skateboard company
so that's a big aspect to it as well as
a you know just going out to skateboard
events and being seen is another good
way to do it but just love it and it'll
happen